This project consists of 6 different Python functions. As this project is managed using the Agile methodology, each function is associated with an iteration of the project. So this project has 6 iterations. 
The goal of this project is for this integrated code to get an input of a text, either directly from a user typing on a screen, or an imput file in the forms of a WORD document, or a PDF.
The first function, "ReadnClean.py' takes the original input file and extract the pure text while cleaning up the proprietary characters of Microsoft WORD or the PDF formatting scheme. For this particular function, the user will apply an interface that is written in HTML in the file 'us14UI.html'. This UI will allow the user to choose and upload the original inpyt text file for the 'ReadnClean.py' function to retrieve the clean text out of the file.
The second Python function, corresponding to the second iteration, is 'txtExtract.py'function. This function takes the text, which was red and cleaned up by the funtion in iteration 1 and summarized it. The user interacts with this function and can view the toriinal text and it summary by using a second UI, 'UI4Textsummary.html', which is also  web-page oriented UI.
The third Python function, 'txtSearch_navigate', is associated with the third iteration and provides capabilities to search for an item throughout the text and also to navigate in between the various components of the text.
The fourth Phyton function,  'DocMap.py', supports the user stories embedded within the fourth iteration and builds a map of the document/text structure and allows the user to navigate in betweem those parts and sections of the document.
In iteration 5, the first user story requires to create an expanded unified UI to include additional funcions for search the document and get outlines in addition to displaying the summaries. This is supported by the file 'ExpandedUnifiedUI.html'.
The second user story in iteration 5 is the document Q&A module.
this i next step fits well into the rest of the Smart Document Summarizer & Navigator.
As I already have Summary Mode, Search Mode, and Outline Mode. Q&A Mode fits perfectly as a fourth module and is very natural for use.
IN addition to adding a function of Q&A-Module for the Python back office of ghe project, the previously expanded UI has been expanded again to support a Q&A function for the user to type a question and receive an answer. This HTML file.  when  opened in VS, it shows the HTML code, but when opened from the 'file explorer' it shows the a web page design of this general UI for this entire project.
The last part of rthe project, following the last user story in iteration 5 was to prepare a Python function to save the file and to load the file that the user was working on using this text analyzer feature. The file for saving and loading the text is 'session_manager.py'. This session manager required another UI of its own, this UI is in 'session_manager_ui.html' file and I had VS Copilot buid up an html file that can be opened as a web page to test the code. I also updted the first UI from Iteration 1, 'US14_UI.html, and I had VS Vopilot build up an html file that can be opened as a web page to check that one as well.
The last part of the project will be to use AI to upload these files into a section of Azure or another cloud computing platform and integrate all these modules.
